well dr. Manhattan is joining us welcome
to the show dr. Manhattan hello hello
good to be out here once again yeah oh
you're a regular yeah he calls him
frequently oh and thank you for being a
twitch sub okay are you from I'm turning
over cedar Florida or DC DC I I remember
okay I'm getting my surprise yeah
because I met him in Florida and in
Miami but I remember now that he
traveled there I got it wrong one time
dr. Manhattan what do you want to talk
about in the show tonight
what I would like to talk about today is
one of the more infamous unofficial
Awards at the world championship at this
year or every year and that is the dotty
award and who my bold prediction for the
dadhe award is for this world
championship okay well who is it I will
predict that this year's daddy award
will be none other than fanatics
midlaner caps
oh okay anyway talks yeah did you want
did you wait were you hoping the sharks
would be here for this are you were you
worried yeah okay um well so I'm not
like I'm not gonna lie it is one of my
worst nightmares like all the hype
fanatic has been giving in caps has been
getting it's like insanity I've not like
and then he's like scrim rumors of their
better than 2050 Finnick is like can you
stop ya Reaper and very strategic all I
can say to like caps in particular like
if anything like reckless underperform
that MSI right and he was like supposed
to be or he was the MVP when you when he
went there I don't think caps in itself
will ever fail that hard he's really
talented kid he's like he's one of those
mechanical geniuses that comes around
not very often he's a type of guy that
has no phone that like breeds League
that like doesn't even maybe shower
sometimes he just wants to go straight
to the soul look you you know what I
mean he's he's one of those froggen
types yeah bjergsen types I want to say
faker talks but I know people will get
angry but like I
and he's been really chill every
situation he's been put in I mean that
I'm not saying that fanatic is gonna do
extremely well because of that but I
don't think he necessarily is gonna fail
unless you know he gets put on Nami mid
or something I don't know
you know what I mean but yeah I can see
what you mean with all the hype and
stuff well you're just contributing
right now
you were like there's it's not gonna
happen it's gonna be fine and now I feel
like the bigger of me you saw MSI right
that was the whole I I get a little
triggered when people go like when caps
is named in any kind of list where he's
high yeah it's not that he's not shown
it he's definitely shown that at MSI he
was a very good mid laner and he held
his own and there's really well in
little lot of them and OH
hmm to Fisher called him the best mid at
MSI I mean you could say that I I think
the thing is I'm afraid to say things
like that because of like community shit
and whatnot but he was really fucking
good and I don't think any groups number
one so yeah yeah we're good here we
swear all the time yeah so yeah maybe
rookie I was gonna say rookies really
good and that'll be fun but outside him
I don't think you'll have that many
great mid laners no but mark couldn't
rookie beacon dozen for the day oh yeah
yeah last time yeah I mean especially
after a rookie was talking shit and
being like man there's only one person
to torment I wanted to face and I was
faker and he's not even here
but I don't think it'll be anyone from
from Group D the whole group doesn't
feel like oh I put this like I don't
think there's anyone in there who's
expected to do really well and is gonna
go up against enough like competent
players that they're gonna look terrible
like even if caps underperforms I don't
think it's gonna be like oh man I'm
getting solo killed by Ryu and candy
things things go normally right like I
don't know
well I mean that's this kind of points
like the dotty award he was feeling
really good but I was asked out saying
you only wanted to play fake apologies
well be honest it has really been really
good idea word already - though he
fucking choked his face off in 2017 and
they lost the game so far so I don't
know why I don't know so rookies a
chance for it
any other ideas yes I think so I'm from
I think most likely it's someone from
Group B you don't want to read that
twitch out anyway it's I do their violin
I never got the chills
that's pretty chill for the most part
you get the couple trolls who are out of
control rate the cereal it's actually
pretty good
I guess it's healthy mice obsessed with
hi I don't
hmm that's it's got a vanilla taste to
it you know I don't need Lucky Charms
here although I would if they wanted to
sponsor the show but okay so so you
think caps but but mark do you think
there's a chance that could be caps I
could see if fnatic doesn't get out of
groups somehow and caps is part of that
reason maybe he gets it but that's
really the only way is there anyone else
from the West right now that has that
level of spotlight on them probably I
was gonna say but I don't want to be the
first I feel like it TL has kind of
flown under the radar because of this
crazy fanatic hype and maybe that's
that's good for them probably but I am
quite excited for Team Liquid like I I
was excited for them also at MSI yeah so
that's I'm just I'm trying not to get
excited for Team Liquid because I the
the rumors are that the only team that's
doing well is is fnatic and certainly I
haven't talked to Peter too much but he
hasn't said like man we're smashing
everyone which I in my past experiences
with him he's he has a tendency to say
that if things are going well so Mark
tweeted you're on if you yeah I wanted
to do a
swipe up okay well she is fucking
addicted to Instagram oh yeah
Marc Marquez figure this out because he
you guys are on the desk together all
the time
yeah yeah like well I know she posted on
Instagram like the pictures daily yeah
basically which is like what a lot of
influencers do
I don't read stories I don't post
stories I am like totally out of the
loop on house
Oh peace stories are and she just doing
stories like six times over the
broadcast yeah well yeah I like to keep
people I think people like it they said
my stories are cool I just I just never
been around someone I don't think Marc
does this anymore but did you know that
for a while mark would just scroll down
and like every photo that he saw you
that yes I was like what it is really
good because there's like oh wow mark
like this picture didn't get that much
engagement and he's like one of my few
friends I liked it turns out that he's
just like you're one of everyone I
actually kind of liked that you you like
turn you don't pay too much attention to
it and then you just like go all in
yeah well it's really easy because I
think I only follow 39 people and like
half of them don't even post that much
you know like it's high and like a
couple of like I think I follow like
lure low like random players you like
don't post that much and so when I
scroll through I can go from like you
know the like the in case you missed it
line or like all caught up line I can
get through that in like two minutes so
then I hadn't you're still here
oh yeah I am what do you everybody's to
the caps the dismissal of the caps thing
cuz I actually like as you said I think
it's a really good point right like
there's gonna be a ton of pressure on
this on this guy and and we'll have to
sort of see how things go
I'm really everything that basically
people say when people say oh my god but
he's too height but this that that it
might been in just feeds to the whole
thing that yeah this guy is typed and
that's kind of what would make and you
know fail and honestly I kind of and
that's kind of just like my reach one if
like if you like like I would say
another person is actually pretty good
for the Dada award is actually set up
quite well is the shy just because
usually these Nami awards tend to be
people who haven't gone to too many
international tournaments such as like
Nami da de gat God V these are all
Dottie Award winners do like that was
their first world and then
they just completely perform abysmal
yeah so who we got last year's of
something it was a debate between icon
and bjergsen okay I figured it was Khan
yeah but you said the shy right that's
another person I could see like yeah cuz
like he is like super hyped I know also
in like our preparation talks people are
like yeah we like II think he might be
very good you know maybe there's also
keen of course but like he might be
really really good so and we've not
really seen him yeah but some people do
so well with the pressure and just don't
give an F like we Poe when he killed cod
little pond cohn-bendit dot a player for
me for the past two international
tournaments mmm-hmm likewise anybody
thank you so much dr. Manhattan for
calling in thank you once again and also
I just want to say that last time the
first time I call when Nick Allen was on
the show I actually predicted that TSN
would not make world kind of as a joke
and it came true yeah well you're not a
kind of as a joke you're supposed to
just act like you can't be right about
caps I will hunt you down please don't
let me down okay you made an enemy for
me tonight dr. Manhattan potentially
potentially yeah way thank you so much
for the call thank you so much patted me
on everyone